my-notes.md, before:

# My Experiences with the Experience SDK

1. Some of the images are broken for me on the Confluence page. If I click the image, copy the link, load it in a new browser window/tab, close the window, go back to the wiki page, then it works... not sure that is a "just me" problem
2. Suggest update to wiki page to reference EPDS to the Ellucian Path Design System so that people know what that means.
3. Suggest update as inline comment to wiki page for phrase that said, "When a web app needs retrieve data from Ethos..." so that it sounds better to me if it said, "When a web app needs *to* retrieve data..."
4. Link to the EPDS docs does not work for me because I'm not on VPN but if I connect then it works fine.
5. Suggested that documentation be updated with more info that should be shared when contacting Ellucian Support Center and requesting an ssh public key get added to git authN repo. I think this could be better so that "internal" people don't just create a new support ticket and attach a public key but also enter the right description for ActionLine to route the request the best way possible. This was not a problem for me since I've had access to the git repo for many, many years.
6. Wanted confirmation that Node 10.x is the only version of node that is supported. The statement is rather cold and doesn't otherwise address that version 10 is one or two LTS versions of node behind the current LTS version. So, just wanted to know if I could use more recent version or if 10 is all that is supported.
   1. In order to resolve this for myself, since I already had a newer version of node on my system, I installed nvm.
   2. Then, using nvm, I installed the most current version of node 10.
7. Attempt to create-experience-extension failed because I was not on VPN and did not know I needed to be on VPN. After connecting to VPN, I was able to successfully generate my extension code directory.
8. in the delivered extension.json5 file, the cards.source values range from including the .jsx extension to not including that extension. Is there a reason for that? suggestions? recommendations?
9. React seems overwhelming at the moment. Still need to learn that and become comfortable with it.
10. Definitely have to learn and become familiar with the Ellucian Path Design System.
11. After copying/pasting my graphql query into extension.json5 and attempting to run the mock dashboard, I get many errors about not having an extension.json file. Once I removed the query filters then I don't get the errors any longer. 
12. Dev team suggested using the Path Table design but I still haven't learned EPDS yet. After adding import statements suggested by Bret, VSCode is giving me warnings because I'm importing hedtech/react-design-system/core many, many times.
13. What do I need to do to update my extension sdk npm libraries? update package.json and use create switch then you'll get new sdk
14. From A-Team meeting:
  * Path 3.11.1 and be behind most current version of Path
  * what does UMD mean? 
  * Customer DPG - Life University and Catawba College
  * June 8, the EPDS should be available to public
  * update to sdk: graphql - range of version in config and they will choose the most appropriate version. pluralized and singularized. 
  * Path Design documentation getting started says what they need to learn. https://design-system.10133.elluciancloud.com/#/getting-started/getting-started



## Extension Ideas 

1. BDM View My Docs cards
2. Ethos AppConfig Status cards
3. Student - Current Holds
4. Student - Current charges / financial info

## Helpful VSCode Extensions

### Robert Levy

* things that help with experience extensions that you might not otherwise be using:
  * mikestead.dotenv - yes
  * mrmlnc.vscode-json5 - yes
* others I like in general that could be relevant to experience extensions:
  * coenraads.bracket-pair-colorizer - no - yes
  * yassh.copy-with-line-numbers - no - yes
  * dbaeumer.vscode-eslint - yes
  * wooodhead.disable-eslint-rule - no - yes
  * ghmcadams.lintlens - no - yes
  * ms-vsliveshare.vsliveshare - no
  * yzhang.markdown-all-in-one - yes
  * vscodeintellicode - no - yes

### Bret Hansen

* msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome - no - yes
* dbaeumer.vscode-eslint
* znck.grammarly - no - found github but not inside vscode
* vscodevim.vim - no

Commit message:

removed references to sample cards but kept originals as copies

my-notes.md, after:

# My Experiences with the Experience SDK

1. Some of the images are broken for me on the Confluence page. If I click the image, copy the link, load it in a new browser window/tab, close the window, go back to the wiki page, then it works... not sure that is a "just me" problem
2. Suggest update to wiki page to reference EPDS to the Ellucian Path Design System so that people know what that means.
3. Suggest update as inline comment to wiki page for phrase that said, "When a web app needs retrieve data from Ethos..." so that it sounds better to me if it said, "When a web app needs *to* retrieve data..."
4. Link to the EPDS docs does not work for me because I'm not on VPN but if I connect then it works fine.
5. Suggested that documentation be updated with more info that should be shared when contacting Ellucian Support Center and requesting an ssh public key get added to git authN repo. I think this could be better so that "internal" people don't just create a new support ticket and attach a public key but also enter the right description for ActionLine to route the request the best way possible. This was not a problem for me since I've had access to the git repo for many, many years.
6. Wanted confirmation that Node 10.x is the only version of node that is supported. The statement is rather cold and doesn't otherwise address that version 10 is one or two LTS versions of node behind the current LTS version. So, just wanted to know if I could use more recent version or if 10 is all that is supported.
   1. In order to resolve this for myself, since I already had a newer version of node on my system, I installed nvm.
   2. Then, using nvm, I installed the most current version of node 10.
7. Attempt to create-experience-extension failed because I was not on VPN and did not know I needed to be on VPN. After connecting to VPN, I was able to successfully generate my extension code directory.
8. in the delivered extension.json5 file, the cards.source values range from including the .jsx extension to not including that extension. Is there a reason for that? suggestions? recommendations?
9. React seems overwhelming at the moment. Still need to learn that and become comfortable with it.
10. Definitely have to learn and become familiar with the Ellucian Path Design System.
11. After copying/pasting my graphql query into extension.json5 and attempting to run the mock dashboard, I get many errors about not having an extension.json file. Once I removed the query filters then I don't get the errors any longer. 
12. Dev team suggested using the Path Table design but I still haven't learned EPDS yet. After adding import statements suggested by Bret, VSCode is giving me warnings because I'm importing hedtech/react-design-system/core many, many times.
13. What do I need to do to update my extension sdk npm libraries? update package.json and use create switch then you'll get new sdk
14. if I want to publish my extension to “real life” can i feel confident that I will also be able to delete/remove it if I don’t want to be embarrassed later? I know/remember there is a way to manage/upgrade versions but I cannot remember about removing/deleting. 
    1.  yes
15. how would I do this? 
    1.  you can delete via the Extension Management UI. This will remove the card(s) from the Card Management table in Dashboard, as well as any users’ dashboards who had saved the card.  Also, if you “publish” an extension via the npx experience-extension upload command, you still must enable it in Setup for it to appear in Dashboard’s Card Management. Then, you must enable it and assign roles before user’s can add it. So running the publish command doesn’t immediately make it publicly available.
16. Should I delete all of the sample cards prior to uploading my extension? 
    1.  Yes, you should delete them, or at minimum, comment out their definitions in extensions.json5.  This way, if you want to continue to use them in your Mock dashboard, you can just remove the comments and run npm start
17. If I delete them, what else do I need to modify? index.js (inside of src/cards)
    1.  src/cards/index.js  doesn’t get bundled and upload. It’s only used for the Mock running locally. If you delete the sample cards, add your own, and try to run the Mock, you’ll get errors until you also delete the references to them from src/cards/index.js
18. How do I upgrade the SDK of a current extension project? 
    1.  asdf
19. From A-Team meeting:
  1. Path 3.11.1 and be behind most current version of Path
  2. what does UMD mean? 
  3. Customer DPG - Life University and Catawba College
  4. June 8, the EPDS should be available to public
  5. update to sdk: graphql - range of version in config and they will choose the most appropriate version. pluralized and singularized. 
  6. Path Design documentation getting started says what they need to learn. https://design-system.10133.elluciancloud.com/#/getting-started/getting-started



## Extension Ideas 

1. BDM View My Docs cards
2. Ethos AppConfig Status cards
3. Student - Current Holds
4. Student - Current charges / financial info

## Helpful VSCode Extensions

### Robert Levy

* things that help with experience extensions that you might not otherwise be using:
  * mikestead.dotenv - yes
  * mrmlnc.vscode-json5 - yes
* others I like in general that could be relevant to experience extensions:
  * coenraads.bracket-pair-colorizer - no - yes
  * yassh.copy-with-line-numbers - no - yes
  * dbaeumer.vscode-eslint - yes
  * wooodhead.disable-eslint-rule - no - yes
  * ghmcadams.lintlens - no - yes
  * ms-vsliveshare.vsliveshare - no
  * yzhang.markdown-all-in-one - yes
  * vscodeintellicode - no - yes

### Bret Hansen

* msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome - no - yes
* dbaeumer.vscode-eslint
* znck.grammarly - no - found github but not inside vscode
* vscodevim.vim - no
